# PCI DSS v4.0

## PRINCIPLE PCI DSS REQUIREMENT: Regularly Monitor and Test Networks


### Requirement 10: Log and Monitor All Access to System Components and Cardholder Data

#### OVERVIEW
Logging mechanisms and the ability to track user activities are critical in preventing, detecting, or minimizing the impact of a data compromise. The presence of logs on all system components and in the cardholder data environment (CDE) allows thorough tracking, alerting, and analysis when something does go wrong. Determining the cause of a compromise is difficult, if not impossible, without system activity logs.

This requirement applies to user activities, including those by employees, contractors, consultants, and internal and external vendors, and other third parties (for example, those providing support or maintenance services).

These requirements do not apply to user activity of consumers (cardholders).

Refer to Appendix G for definitions of PCI DSS terms.


#### SECTIONS
10.1	Processes and mechanisms for logging and monitoring all access to system components and cardholder data are defined and documented.

10.2	Audit logs are implemented to support the detection of anomalies and suspicious activity, and the forensic analysis of events.

10.3	Audit logs are protected from destruction and unauthorized modifications.

10.4	Audit logs are reviewed to identify anomalies or suspicious activity.

10.5	Audit log history is retained and available for analysis.

10.6	Time-synchronization mechanisms support consistent time settings across all systems.

10.7	Failures of critical security control systems are detected, reported, and responded to promptly.


---

#### REQUIREMENTS AND TESTING PROCEDURES


##### DEFINED APPROACH REQUIREMENTS


##### CUSTOMIZED APPROACH OBJECTIVE


##### APPLICABILITY NOTES


##### DEFINED APPROACH TESTING PROCEDURES


#### GUIDANCE
**Purpose**

**Good Practice**

**Definitions**

**Examples**

**Further Information**

