# PCI DSS v4.0

## PRINCIPLE PCI DSS REQUIREMENT: Protect Account Data


### Requirement 3:	Protect Stored Account Data

#### OVERVIEW
Protection methods such as encryption, truncation, masking, and hashing are critical components of account data protection. If an intruder circumvents other security controls and gains access to encrypted account data, the data is unreadable without the proper cryptographic keys and is unusable to that intruder. Other effective methods of protecting stored data should also be considered as potential risk-mitigation opportunities. For example, methods for minimizing risk include not storing account data unless necessary, truncating cardholder data if full PAN is not needed, and not sending unprotected PANs using end-user messaging technologies such as e-mail and instant messaging.

If account data is present in non-persistent memory (for example, RAM, volatile memory), encryption of account data is not required. However, proper controls must be in place to ensure that memory maintains a non-persistent state. Data should be removed from volatile memory once the business purpose (for example, the associated transaction) is complete. In the case that data storage becomes persistent, all applicable PCI DSS Requirements will apply including encryption of stored data.

Requirement 3 applies to protection of stored account data unless specifically called out in an individual requirement. Refer to Appendix G for definitions of “strong cryptography” and other PCI DSS terms.


#### SECTIONS
3.1	Processes and mechanisms for protecting stored account data are defined and understood.

3.2	Storage of account data is kept to a minimum.

3.3	Sensitive authentication data (SAD) is not stored after authorization.

3.4	Access to displays of full PAN and ability to copy cardholder data are restricted.

3.5	Primary account number (PAN) is secured wherever it is stored.

3.6	Cryptographic keys used to protect stored account data are secured.

3.7	Where cryptography is used to protect stored account data, key management processes and procedures covering all aspects of the key lifecycle are defined and implemented.


---

##### REQUIREMENTS and TESTING PROCEDURES


###### DEFINED APPROACH REQUIREMENTS


###### CUSTOMIZED APPROACH OBJECTIVE


###### APPLICABILITY NOTES


###### DEFINED APPROACH TESTING PROCEDURES


##### GUIDANCE
**Purpose**

**Good Practice**

**Definitions**

**Examples**

**Further Information**

