# PCI DSS v4.0

## PRINCIPLE PCI DSS REQUIREMENT: Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program

### Requirement 6:	Develop and Maintain Secure Systems and Software

#### OVERVIEW
Actors with bad intentions can use security vulnerabilities to gain privileged access to systems. Many of these vulnerabilities are fixed by vendor provided security patches, which must be installed by the entities that manage the systems. All system components must have all appropriate software patches to protect against the exploitation and compromise of account data by malicious individuals and malicious software.

Appropriate software patches are those patches that have been evaluated and tested sufficiently to determine that the patches do not conflict with existing security configurations. For bespoke and custom software, numerous vulnerabilities can be avoided by applying software lifecycle (SLC) processes and secure coding techniques.
Code repositories that store application code, system configurations, or other configuration data that can impact the security of account data or the CDE are in scope for PCI DSS assessments.

See Relationship between PCI DSS and PCI SSC Software Standards on page 7 for information about the use of PCI SSC-validated software and software vendors, and how use of PCI SSC’s software standards may help with meeting controls in Requirement 6.
Refer to Appendix G for definitions of PCI DSS terms.

**Note**: Requirement 6 applies to all system components, except for section 6.2 for developing software securely, which applies only to bespoke and custom software used on any system component included in or connected to the CDE.


#### SECTIONS
6.1	Processes and mechanisms for developing and maintaining secure systems and software are defined and understood.

6.2	Bespoke and custom software are developed securely.

6.3	Security vulnerabilities are identified and addressed.

6.4	Public-facing web applications are protected against attacks.

6.5	Changes to all system components are managed securely.


---

##### REQUIREMENTS and TESTING PROCEDURES


###### DEFINED APPROACH REQUIREMENTS


###### CUSTOMIZED APPROACH OBJECTIVE


###### APPLICABILITY NOTES


###### DEFINED APPROACH TESTING PROCEDURES


##### GUIDANCE
**Purpose**

**Good Practice**

**Definitions**

**Examples**

**Further Information**

