# PCI DSS v4.0

## PRINCIPLE PCI DSS REQUIREMENT: Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program

### Requirement 5:	Protect All Systems and Networks from Malicious Software

#### OVERVIEW
Malicious software (malware) is software or firmware designed to infiltrate or damage a computer system without the owner's knowledge or consent, with the intent of compromising the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the owner’s data, applications, or operating system.

Examples include viruses, worms, Trojans, spyware, ransomware, keyloggers, and rootkits, malicious code, scripts, and links.

Malware can enter the network during many business-approved activities, including employee e-mail (for example, via phishing) and use of the Internet, mobile computers, and storage devices, resulting in the exploitation of system vulnerabilities.

Using anti-malware solutions that address all types of malware helps to protect systems from current and evolving malware threats. Refer to Appendix G for definitions of PCI DSS terms


#### SECTIONS
5.1	Processes and mechanisms for protecting all systems and networks from malicious software are defined and understood.

5.2	Malicious software (malware) is prevented, or detected and addressed.

5.3	Anti-malware mechanisms and processes are active, maintained, and monitored.

5.4	Anti-phishing mechanisms protect users against phishing attacks.


---

#### REQUIREMENTS AND TESTING PROCEDURES


##### DEFINED APPROACH REQUIREMENTS


##### CUSTOMIZED APPROACH OBJECTIVE


##### APPLICABILITY NOTES


##### DEFINED APPROACH TESTING PROCEDURES


#### GUIDANCE
**Purpose**

**Good Practice**

**Definitions**

**Examples**

**Further Information**

