# PCI DSS v4.0

## PRINCIPLE PCI DSS REQUIREMENT: Implement Strong Access Control Measures

### Requirement 8:	Identify Users and Authenticate Access to System Components

#### OVERVIEW
Two fundamental principles of identifying and authenticating users are to 1) establish the identity of an individual or process on a computer system, and 2) prove or verify the user associated with the identity is who the user claims to be.

Identification of an individual or process on a computer system is conducted by associating an identity with a person or process through an identifier, such as a user, system, or application ID. These IDs (also referred to as “accounts”) fundamentally establish the identity of an individual or process by assigning unique identification to each person or process to distinguish one user or process from another. When each user or process can be uniquely identified, it ensures there is accountability for actions performed by that identity. When such accountability is in place, actions taken can be traced to known and authorized users and processes.

The element used to prove or verify the identity is known as the authentication factor. Authentication factors are 1) something you know, such as a password or passphrase, 2) something you have, such as a token device or smart card, or 3) something you are, such as a biometric element.

The ID and the authentication factor together are considered authentication credentials and are used to gain access to the rights and privileges associated with a user, application, system, or service accounts.

These requirements for identity and authentication are based on industry-accepted security principles and best practices to support the payment ecosystem. NIST Special Publication 800-63, Digital Identity Guidelines provides additional information on acceptable frameworks for digital identity and authentication factors. It is important to note that the NIST Digital Identity Guidelines is intended for US Federal Agencies and should be viewed in its entirety. Many of the concepts and approaches defined in these guidelines are expected to work with each other and not as standalone parameters.

Note: Unless otherwise stated in the requirement, these requirements apply to all accounts on all system components, unless specifically called out in an individual requirement, including but not limited to:
•	Point-of-sale accounts
•	Accounts with administrative capabilities
•	System and application accounts
•	All accounts used to view or access cardholder data or to access systems with cardholder data.

This includes accounts used by employees, contractors, consultants, internal and external vendors, and other third parties (for example, for providing support or maintenance services).

Certain requirements are not intended to apply to user accounts that have access to only one card number at a time to facilitate a single transaction (such as IDs used by cashiers on point-of-sale terminals). When items do not apply, they are noted directly within the specific requirement.
 
These requirements do not apply to accounts used by consumers (cardholders).

Refer to Appendix G for definitions of PCI DSS terms.


#### SECTIONS
8.1	Processes and mechanisms for identifying users and authenticating access to system components are defined and understood.

8.2	User identification and related accounts for users and administrators are strictly managed throughout an account’s lifecycle.

8.3	Strong authentication for users and administrators is established and managed.

8.4	Multi-factor authentication (MFA) is implemented to secure access into the CDE.

8.5	Multi-factor authentication (MFA) systems are configured to prevent misuse.

8.6	Use of application and system accounts and associated authentication factors is strictly managed.


---

#### REQUIREMENTS AND TESTING PROCEDURES


##### DEFINED APPROACH REQUIREMENTS


##### CUSTOMIZED APPROACH OBJECTIVE


##### APPLICABILITY NOTES


##### DEFINED APPROACH TESTING PROCEDURES


#### GUIDANCE
**Purpose**

**Good Practice**

**Definitions**

**Examples**

**Further Information**

